# Next Meeting
Monday, March 20 @ 11:00 PT <br>
[Add to Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=ZWV2MzBtbDUwMmlzY3JhZjQ2cHY2OG5samtfMjAxNzAxMjNUMTkwMDAwWiBtZXNvc3BoZXJlLmlvXzFpdTZxa2tybW5naGI2MW50ZnJwNWZjNDZvQGc&tmsrc=mesosphere.io_1iu6qkkrmnghb61ntfrp5fc46o%40group.calendar.google.com) <br>
[Join the Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/5214852707)

### Proposed Agenda:
* The agenda for each meeting is listed in this [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lsKB9sFqbRLVt75F353887AH-BQ8IYd-hhhl1Yt-12o/edit). Participants who want to propose an agenda can do so by commenting on the agenda for a given meeting.
* Meetings are generally open sessions where community members are encouraged to voice opnions on a particular topic or present proposals on topics related to DC/OS networking.

# Previous Meetings

| Date | Agenda | Docs | Recording |
|------|--------|--------|-----------|
| March 6 2017 | 1. Discussed DC/OS 1.9 EA <br> 2. CNI improvements in 1.9 <br> 3. Flushed out how network policies would like in DC/OS. | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/a/mesosphere.io/presentation/d/1ZJiA0Z4E_jVVdJLq1EId8gfZWIQN4mb-7xvUTuUOiM0/edit?usp=sharing) | [Youtube](https://youtu.be/WbN8a2iS4CE)
| Feb 6 2017 | Had a discussion on network policies in DC/OS. | [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sJRLZtkZB5cTNaeE4mWTa9hn-mrQHAesl5mxRB2EdVQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
| Jan 23 2017 | Had a discussion on what 3rd party network integration would look like in DC/OS.  | [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JUL5ANHspERQkjplie94GVfXs9KOFaCZOMDUJRu8fr8/edit#heading=h.c6ln93w98xrz) |
| Jan 9 2017 | 1. Update on the release of 1.9 <br> 2. Review of design docs <br> - [DC/OS Overlay Design Document](https://github.com/dcos/community/tree/master/wg-networking/design/overlay) <br> 3. Review/Feedback [Named VIP workflow doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IzBuRAU122Y4-AZTXKix9UptG3yOZGHantTpYhr7-Lc/edit?usp=sharing) <br> - Where else is an urgent need for documentation (e.g., Spartan, Navstar)? <br> 4. Q&A | none for this meeting | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/Is-N2_TtHoE) |
| Dec 19 2016 | 1. Charter for this working group and where we currently stand with the existing work <br> 2. DC/OS 1.9 preview: features that are coming and how to help test and validate <br> 3. DC/OS 1.10 roadmap exploration <br> 4. Proposed meeting schedule for Jan and Feb <br> 5. Q&A | [PDF](2016 12 19 DC_OS Networking Working Group Slides.pdf) | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ErRSWJU-_s) |
